docs: add note about keeping same jina versions (#5239)
jina-ai/jina: docs/how-to/kubernetes.md

YAML `with` block.
````

````{admonition} Matching jina versions
:class: caution

> If you alter the Kubernetes generated files to adapt the docker images used in the solution, try to make sure that all the services included
> the gateway are built with the same jina version to guarantee compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the Docker images in your Docker Compose generated file, ensure that all the services included in the gateway are built with the same Jina version to guarantee compatibility.
```
